baby
howdy what is you know Sean Penn is a
very good friend of mine I love him like
a brother I thought Sean did a very
great job but also Hollywood is very you
know that so they a lot of people who
vote a bit of both for a gay movie not
not all the people want is the people in
the industry what that's okay they're
not going to come back next year with a
year at so I'm not worried about that
was more worried about my dog
hi I didn't know really i didn't go to
your books of the TV show Nach shoes a
little egglings not my fault I got you a
very good to do like a regulation
viewing maybe you'll relax I do
I had a picture of the caveat i think
the wrestler the reason that darren
aronofsky wanted to hire me was he knew
that I sort of my life it was very much
like renting around he would be easy for
me to happen to to revisit the very dark
maples I'd get through the physical side
there was a lot of aspects of branding
that were very close to me who would
call toilet toilet firstly the still ooh
that was tonight I didn't think about
that rivet I wasn't thinking about money
back then I think back when I may call
it I was still boxing at the time I was
it really that interested in acting if
that's what
they did because the director who have a
lot of integrity i thinkI to the chance
of the film it's the hardest will be
that I ever made that is the best movie
ever made
in the beginning I didn't have any
respect for the sport because there's no
unboxing it's it's entertainment so I
went into the movie with very little
respect for the sport and then after
working for about one and a half month I
went to the hospital three darts one for
my nature for my neck ever my back
because but something picks you up and
throw you down that you know somebody to
really think and you have to do it 10
times something to see my curtain and so
I think by the end of the movie I didn't
regain a tremendous amount of respect
for these people that I call who are
their athletes and they're entertainers
and I become friends with a lot of the
older guy who they have an interesting
comradery what's different than the
boxers day they're very much they do
everything together they that wait
together they they screw women together
they take steroids together they does
now they drive each other to different
cities where they have different matches
and
it's a very close eternity I have a lot
of I gave a letter expect with these men
have more about their world thank you
guys very much thank you
ok